Sigma+F/S Compliance (#20)
SamuelSchlesinger/act-standards: draft-schlesinger-cfrg-act.md

  together like `a + b` and scalar multiplication of a group element by a scalar
  is written as `a * n`, with group element `a` and scalar `n`.

- In protocol pseudocode, `G` denotes the generator of the group (i.e.,
  `G.Generator()`) when used in arithmetic expressions. When used as a function

>   parameter (e.g., `KeyGen(G, rng)`), `G` denotes the Group interface.

Reviewer: Let's stick to G for group, and G.Generator() for the generator to avoid confusions.

Author: Fair.

It ensures cryptographic separation between different ACT instances.
- `L` is the bit length for representing credit values, such
that `L <= MAX_BIT_LENGTH`, where `MAX_BIT_LENGTH` is defined per suite.
- `H1`, `H2`, `H3`, `H4` are auxiliary group generators used for commitments.

> `H4` is the fourth generator point used for request_context binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`H4` is used for binding a request context.
```

    6. if not verifier.verify(pok):
    7.     raise InvalidIssuanceRequestProof

    // Create BBS signature on (c, ctx, k, r)
    8. e <- Zq

>     9. X_A = G + H1 * c + H4 * ctx + K    // K = H2 * k + H3 * r

Reviewer: The comment needs to be updated too?

    // Eq 2L+3: Commitment consistency
    // Com_total = c*H1 + kstar*H2 + sum(s_com[j]*2^j*H3)
   29. Com_total = H1 * s + Sum(Com[j] * 2^j for j in [L])
   30. H1_var2, H2_var2, Com_total_var = statement.allocate_elements(3)
   31. statement.set_elements([(H1_var2, H1), (H2_var2, H2),
         (Com_total_var, Com_total)])
   32. terms = [(c_var, H1_var2), (kstar_var, H2_var2)]
   33. For j = 0 to L-1:
   34.     coeff_H3_var = statement.allocate_elements(1)
   35.     statement.set_elements([(coeff_H3_var, H3 * (2^j))])
   36.     terms.append((s_com_vars[j], coeff_H3_var))
   37. statement.append_equation(Com_total_var, terms)

    // Assemble witness
    // Order: [e, r2, r3, c, r, b[0..L-1], s_com[0..L-1],
    //         s2[0..L-1], kstar, k2]
   38. witness = [e, r2, r3, c, r]
   39. witness += b[0..L-1]
   40. witness += s_com[0..L-1]
   41. witness += s2[0..L-1]
   42. witness += [kstar, k2]

    // Generate non-interactive proof
   43. session_id = domain_separator + "spend" + Encode(k) + Encode(ctx)
   44. prover = NISigmaProtocol(session_id, statement)
   45. pok = prover.prove(witness, rng)

    // Construct output

>    46. r_star = Sum(s_com[j] * 2^j for j in [L])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   46. r_star = sum(s_com[j] * 2^j for j in [L])
```

   27. statement.set_elements([(negH1_var, -H1),
         (negH3_var, -H3), (H1p_var, G.Generator() + H2 * k + H4 * ctx)])

    // Eqs 3..2+2L: Range proof (2L equations)
   28. (b_vars, s_com_vars, s2_vars, kstar_var, k2_var) =
         append_range_proof(statement, H1, H2, H3, Com, L)

    // Eq 2L+3: Commitment consistency
    // Com_total = c*H1 + kstar*H2 + sum(s_com[j]*2^j*H3)
   29. Com_total = H1 * s + Sum(Com[j] * 2^j for j in [L])
   30. H1_var2, H2_var2, Com_total_var = statement.allocate_elements(3)
   31. statement.set_elements([(H1_var2, H1), (H2_var2, H2),
         (Com_total_var, Com_total)])
   32. terms = [(c_var, H1_var2), (kstar_var, H2_var2)]
   33. For j = 0 to L-1:
   34.     coeff_H3_var = statement.allocate_elements(1)
   35.     statement.set_elements([(coeff_H3_var, H3 * (2^j))])
   36.     terms.append((s_com_vars[j], coeff_H3_var))
   37. statement.append_equation(Com_total_var, terms)

    // Assemble witness
    // Order: [e, r2, r3, c, r, b[0..L-1], s_com[0..L-1],
    //         s2[0..L-1], kstar, k2]
   38. witness = [e, r2, r3, c, r]
   39. witness += b[0..L-1]
   40. witness += s_com[0..L-1]
   41. witness += s2[0..L-1]

>    42. witness += [kstar, k2]

Reviewer 2: it took me a few tries to get rust and typescript to align here. The ordering is implicit from the allocation sequence above.

one thing as well: `e` is declared as `e_var` in 20. that's similar for other variable. would be good to correct

## Message Encoding

All protocol messages are encoded using the TLS presentation language
from {{Section 3 of !TLS13=RFC8446}}. The following sections define the
structure of each message type.

### Issuance Request Message

~~~
struct {
    opaque K[Ne];         /* Compressed Ristretto point, Ne bytes */
    opaque pok<1..2^16-1>; /* NISigmaProtocol proof */
} IssuanceRequestMsg;
~~~

### Issuance Response Message

~~~
struct {
    opaque A[Ne];         /* Compressed Ristretto point, Ne bytes */
    opaque e[Ns];         /* Scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque c[Ns];         /* Scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque ctx[Ns];       /* Request context scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque pok<1..2^16-1>; /* NISigmaProtocol proof */
} IssuanceResponseMsg;
~~~

### Spend Proof Message

~~~
struct {
    opaque k[Ns];           /* Nullifier scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque s[Ns];           /* Spend amount scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque ctx[Ns];         /* Request context scalar, Ns bytes */
    opaque A_prime[Ne];     /* Compressed Ristretto point, Ne bytes */
    opaque B_bar[Ne];       /* Compressed Ristretto point, Ne bytes */

>     opaque Com[L][Ne];      /* L compressed Ristretto points */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    opaque Com[L][Ne];      /* L compressed Ristretto points, L*Ne bytes */
```
